## Contributing to Gittip

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Gittip! :smiley:

We welcome contributions of all types: design, code, discussion, marketing,
etc.

If you are opening a new issue or submitting a pull request, **go for it!**
Don&rsquo;t be afraid that it&rsquo;s a dumb idea or a duplicate of another
issue or an unwanted change or whatever, especially if this is your first time
participating with us. We&rsquo;re glad to have you! :^)

If you feel like we&rsquo;re ignoring your issue or pull request then call me
out ([@whit537](https://twitter.com/whit537)) on Twitter, or if you&rsquo;re
not on Twitter then <a href="mailto:chad@zetaweb.com">email</a> or even call me
(Chad Whitacre, +1-412-925-4220). 


##### Where We Hang Out

Twitter and IRC are the two main online hangouts for Team Gittip (besides
GitHub). I&rsquo;m [@whit537](https://twitter.com/whit537) on Twitter, and
we&rsquo;re in #gittip on Freenode for our chatroom (here&rsquo;s a [web
interface](https://webchat.freenode.net/)). Jump in and introduce yourself!
:^)

We also exist in the real world at times. :^)


### Code

For typo fixes and other small changes, you can use the GitHub web interface to
propose changes.

To contribute more substantial changes, the first step is to install Gittip
locally, which is documented in the
[README](https://github.com/zetaweb/www.gittip.com#readme). That file also
documents our testing setup. Changes with tests are better than changes
without.

Find us on Twitter or Freenode if you get stuck (see above).


**Collaborators.** We&rsquo;re pretty liberal about adding and removing
collaborators. Generally if you give us one good pull request and show an
interest in continuing to be part of the Gittip dev team we&rsquo;ll give you
access. We always ask your permission before doing so. If you get bored of
Gittip and drift away, that&rsquo;s fine. After a month or two we&rsquo;ll try
double-checking with you before taking you off the list until Gittip becomes
interesting again. :^)

**Pull Requests.** You&rsquo;ll have push permission on the repos you&rsquo;re
working on, but you shouldn&rsquo;t use it until you&rsquo;re invited to do so.
We give you that permission because it&rsquo;s bundled with other permissions
that we *do* want you to have, such as assigning tickets to yourself and
labelling tickets. Please use pull requests to submit your work for code
review. Please keep your pull requests fairly small, and please rebase your
work onto the end of master before submitting it.

**Assignments.** Everyone is responsible for their own ticket assignments, as a
way to be sure each of us owns the work we&rsquo;re doing. You should never
have someone else assign a ticket to you or unassign a ticket from you. If
someone else wants to take over a ticket from you they have to talk to you
first and wait for you to unassign yourself before it&rsquo;s theirs.

**License.** Gittip is [licensed under
CC0](https://github.com/zetaweb/www.gittip.com/tree/master/COPYING), i.e.,
it&rsquo;s public domain. 
